✅ Link to my server: http://164.90.255.203:3000/

✅ Answers to the prompts:
Things that are of the most value to me currently (not considering school/work) are my personal relationships: my friends, my family, and my partner. I always try to see my loved ones every week, even for a little bit, just because I know how important those people are to me. I invest my time in texting, calling, and checking up on them, as well as in buying gifts and creating memories together. I also value the social aspect of those interactions i.e. going out for dinners or walks, or bar hopping on the weekends. I enjoy being out and feeling like I am really living my life and not just constantly working to achieve something (which is what it feels like sometimes). 
Another thing is my well-being and self care which includes sports, cooking, healthy habits, etc.. I try to allocate as much time as I can for myself simply because I know that if I don’t feel good physically and mentally, it would be very hard for me to focus on other aspects of my life in which I want to succeed. Self confidence is extremely important, and for me that includes investing time in myself and my appearance, as well as mental well being. 
From that, come the other two major aspects of my life, both related to mental health – yoga and therapy. I’ve been doing yoga (and meditating) for around 3 years now and I’ve felt incredible difference in the way I feel between the times where I would do it regularly vs when I didn’t spend as much time on it. Yoga and exercise in general helps me connect with the world around me and brings me a lot of mental clarity, not to mention the improvements in my body image. 
My creative pursuits include film photography, and capturing aesthetic in general.. I am a huge fan of animated movies (Studio Ghibli, anime, etc) and fashion. I like to spend time educating myself on various topics by reading books that speak to me, listening to music and going dancing, trying out different restaurants, and becoming ‘a better version of myself’ in every sense. 

* Are you working to just make money so you can do other things? (may lead to more limited hours)
* Or are you looking for a job in a field where you are passionate? (may be ok working longer hours)
    * I do believe work should be enjoyable, otherwise your life will be very miserable, but there’s also no such thing as a ‘dream job’ for me because I don’t dream of labor in particular. There are certainly dreamy aspects of a job, but I like to separate work from my actual life and keep the mindset that I am making the money not just to get rich but to experience life without work in it.. For me that mainly includes traveling and experiences in general, as well as my future family. 
    * Just like everyone else, ideally I am looking to find a job where it would be both lucrative but also something that I am passionate about.. In either case, I wouldn’t be okay with working longer hours if I’m not getting payed for them, for example. I am very excited about a lot of things in life, including my career but it would never be as important to me as my interpersonal relationships and my future family (my partner, future kids, etc..). There should always be a good balance between life and work, no matter how much you love your job, to me at least.

* Are you a morning person, i.e. would 9am-5pm fit your schedule?
* Are you more of a night owl, like 4pm-12am, or later..?
* Or perhaps somewhere in between?
* Do you want to work 5 days a week, Monday - Friday? 4 days? Which 4 days? etc.
* What holidays do you want to take off?

    * Ideally I think I would prefer to have flexible hours i.e. they would vary from day to day depending on my flow, but that’s a very utopian scenario that is not exactly compatible with a real life corporate world. Otherwise I believe that deep down every person is a morning person (on a biological level), so 9-5 could definitely work for me for a while. I’d always prefer to work 4 days a week, I think it is a perfect number where it almost evens out your days off and your working days. Working 5 days a week previously made me feel like my whole week just consisted of work and those 2 remaining days didn’t really give me the necessary time to recharge, as usually one of those days is dedicated to doing the work you couldn’t do during the week.. Frankly, the idea of having fixed working hours without much room for change/spontaneity scares me… I think as a human, I don’t just want to take off for the national holidays (for me it would be New Years mainly) but also for personal events, trips, anniversaries, etc. Being realistic, I know I will have to deal with being a part of this system for a little while, but long-term I will definitely be trying out ways to eventually work for myself or have a passive income that would allow me to retire early, because life as an office worker seems a bit like a nightmare

✅ Documentation
The instructions were super helpful and easy to follow so I didn't really encounter any problems along the way, I used pinterest to look for UX ideas for the denied.html page and got inspired by this particular one (also NYU colors :)) https://ru.pinterest.com/pin/186336503315773268/ 
The only issue I'm still having is that the link to my sever is not working.. not sure why but if you run it from the terminal it should be okay